Rebellions erupted all over
the Summerforth Empire
as a result of the corrupt regime.
Just as the nobles of each duchy
began to consolidate their territory,
Amador Salemakhia,
duke of the Duchy of Missian
died.
The Duchy of Missian
was divided into two factions,
led by the Duke's eldest son,
Curran Salemakhia,
and the youngest son,
Basamark Salemakhia.
In response to Basamark's claims
to the duke's throne
and seizure of Arcantez,
Curran chose to declare war.
(Lamberg, Semplar, Samuk, Belzud)
Ars, the lord of Lamberg,
had the Shadow mercenary group work for him
and started the attack on Staatz Castle.
(Episode 22: Snowball Fight)
(Staatz Castle)
We can see Staatz Castle now.
Get in touch with Lord Curran
and start the operation!
This is the plan the group of Ars
came up with.
50,000 soldiers of Curran Army's
main force encircle
and troops of Ars numbering 5,000
will lay siege from the north
like this.
The enemy general,
the Belzud county chief,
will deploy most of his mages
to the south gate to
resist the main force of Curran side.
Naturally, he also leave enough mages
to deal with 5,000 troops
at the north gate.
But at that time…
The enemy miscalculated.
(As a Reincarnated Aristocrat, I'll Use
My Appraisal Skill to Rise in the World S2)
(Staatz Castle)
So they really did get
reinforcements from Rolto.
It's only a mere 5,000 soldiers,
just as the reports said.
Repel them according to the plan!
Fire!
Yes, sir!
Defeat the invaders!
This is so unlike me.
Captain!
A mage is approaching us terribly fast!
It's only one person.
Magic amplifier, aim at them!
Fire!
Forma Igni Irrupt!
The 5,000 soldiers
under the command of Ars
were no ordinary soldiers.
I may be the only one,
but I alone am worth a hundred!
Very well.
Ars.
Yes.
Charge, everyone!
Charge forward!
Mr. Clamant
and the Maitro Mercenary Group,
please lead the attack.
Then open the south gate from the inside,
so Lord Curran can go in.
Would you be willing to
take on this dangerous mission?
Leave it to us.
Also, to help them defeat the enemy, we
will follow behind them into the castle.
Miss Charlotte, Mr. Rietz!
You guys are truly amazing!
Mr. Rietz and Miss Mireille,
kindly direct the army to the front lines.
You're in charge of leading them.
The wall broke! The enemy's coming!
If they open the south gate from inside,
and let the Curran army invade…
We'll be done for!
Looks like they're in high spirits.
(The Young Soldier of Staatz Castle)
Things are finally getting interesting.
(Staatz Castle, North Gate)
Attack!
Charge!
Defeat the enemy!
Defend!
Tomas isn't here, right?
There're so many of them.
Rietz!
The number doesn't matter.
We just have to take them all down
for the sake of the victory of Lord Ars!
Who is that?
He's so strong!
Not only did they break the wall,
we're also getting pushed back.
We're already done for.
We surrender!
Captain.
Please spare the lives of my subordinates
and take them captive.
Smart decision.
Everyone, throw down your weapon…
Hey, wait a minute!
You guys are so excited to fight
that I want to join in!
Ouch!
Don't make a mess of this!
Shut up and stand back like a good boy!
No way!
It's not fair if only you get to fight!
Who are you?
Good question.
My name is Braham Joe!
Born and raised in Belzud!
I'm…
Um…
17 years old!
I said we're surrendering!
Shut up!
I wasn't done talking yet!
Listen properly!
They call me the "malignant boy
of Staatz Castle".
You'll have to go through me!
Don't let him get close to Mr. Rietz!
Out of my way!
W-What crazy power!
Hey, you Marca!
You're the strongest here, aren't you?
Fight me!
Sure, bring it on!
F-Follow Joe!
I knew you are strong!
Everyone in this castle is weaker than me.
Nobody could match me at all.
It's been a long time
since I met someone strong.
I am so happy!
I see. Honestly speaking,
of all the fights I've ever had,
this appears to be the most boring.
Fighting with me is boring?
Yeah.
But I am
the strongest person in this castle!
There's just no way fighting me
could bore you!
But that's just how it is.
You depend only on strength and intuition.
You're not skilled.
Ouch!
Your field of view is far too narrow.
You're getting tricked
by even the simplest feints.
You have talent,
so why fight in a way
that makes no use of it?
Huh, it's over?
Miss Mireille.
Good job.
Well done.
It seems everything here is resolved.
Thank you.
Mr. Rietz…
It is not a deep enough cut!
Don't give up!
Come on, stand up!
Huh? He's giving an enemy a lesson?
(Braham Joe, 17 years old, male)
(likes fighting
likes young and strong women)
Your fighting style is frankly the worst.
A warrior is someone
who trains day after day,
constantly pushing their own limits.
If you just want to act like
a big shot because you're strong,
you'd better give up on
ever becoming a soldier.
I-I'm sorry, Lord Ars!
I ended up training an enemy!
Ma-
Master!
Please!
Take me as your disciple!
What?
What are you saying?
We are enemies, aren't we?
Right, then I …
decide to side with you.
No, wait! Why should
I even make you my disciple?
I wanna be a lot stronger!
I can start as your luggage carrier.
Okay? It's fine, right?
Please!
It's just impossible!
Okay!
Please! By all means, join us!
Lord Ars?
(Braham Joe, 17 years old, male)
He's crazy talented!
(Intellect 61, Currently 6)
His Intellect is a bit low…
(Prowess 92, Command 102)
but his maximum Prowess and Command
surpass Mr. Rietz's!
I'm sure you could
make him realize his talent, Mr. Rietz!
(Joe) (Shake)
Shake.
(Woof)
Woof!
Go!
(Woof)
Woof woof!
I'm sure you could tell
he was talented as well, Mr. Rietz.
I acknowledge he has talent, but…
Master, who is this brat?
He's not a brat!
It's Lord Ars Louvent.
The person I serve.
(Joe's imagination)
The master of my master?
Does that mean he's
stronger than Mr. Rietz?
The master of my master!
I'm Braham Joe.
I'll be in your care from now on.
I'm Ars. Nice to meet you.
Mr. Rietz…
Master!
Since you say so, Lord Ars…
Thank you.
Let's get going since it's decided.
Make way. Mr. Rietz is coming through!
I can finally see you, big brother.
Huh?
There appears to be
a new, interesting child.
You are…
The torturing demon, Mireille Grandione!
Many of the people she tortures
ended up as cripples!
This is bad!
Never being able to function again,
be it physically or mentally!
Please!
We will tell you the deployment of the
soldiers and the location of the traps!
Please don't torture us!
Really? Thanks.
Was Miss Mireille that scary?
(Staatz Castle, Trap Room)
We disabled the traps!
(Staatz Castle, South Gate)
Charge!
With the main force
of Curran Army charging in,
the lord of Staatz Castle, Kanses Bandol,
fled right away.
Curran side successfully
captured Staatz Castle.
(Arcantez Castle)
The Duchy of Missian succession war
entered its final stages.
We have finally succeeded
in capturing Staatz Castle.
(Gaze of Suspicion)
You've all done well.
Especially Ars Louvent here.
He not only captured Rolto Castle
and saved my life
by sending mercenaries,
but was also the key to
conquering Staatz Castle.
Yay, the master of my master!
Give him a hand!
We all worked together!
Thank you very much!
It was predicted to snow,
but this amount of snow was overwhelming.
Yeah.
I'm coming in.
Ars, you're finally here.
Don't mind them,
they're just my bodyguards.
Allow me to repeat how big
a contribution you made this time.
Not at all, it's all thanks
to everyone's efforts.
A young lord like you
can have so many accomplishments,
which is completely unprecedented.
You possess exceptional courage
and wisdom.
And then you have that mysterious power
to gauge people's abilities.
Just who are you?
Or rather…
What are you hiding?
Huh?
What happened to Lord Curran?
He feels so different from usual.
Does he think I'm
after the throne or something?
No, maybe…
He noticed that I'm not from this world?
I'm just an ordinary lord.
That's right.
But you've done so much
and worked so hard,
surely you have some kind of goal.
Don't lie to me.
I do have a goal.
What is it?
I have only one goal.
And it's to make a world where my people
can live peacefully and happily.
I don't know why I have this power.
But I was born as the son of lord
and the day I inherited
the fief from my father,
I decided to use this power
for the sake of the people.
I see! You answered
just as I expected you to.
Why do you look so shocked?
It's just that my vassals
have been noisy as of late.
They keep asking who you are.
Many suspected that
you were planning to usurp the throne.
Of course I never believed that.
I would never!
My anxious vassals should rest easy
after hearing what you just said.
Well, as the saying goes…
"If you stand out,
people are sure to notice you."
And you stand out the most in all
of the Duchy of Missian right now.
I expect great things from you, Ars.
Yes, sir!
T-That was nerve-wracking!
It was really terrifying.
What would've happened
if I gave the wrong answer?
But it's a fact that there are people
out there who don't like me.
I need to be careful.
What's going on?
I shot down Ars Louvent!
Miss Charlotte, what are you doing?
There's just so much snow.
No way I'm not gonna play.
It's my first time seeing snow.
Look! It's so white!
How silly.
We may be taking a rest,
but we're still at war.
What would you do if you caught a cold
and affected the next fight?
I took down Rietz Muses as well!
M-Mr. Rietz?
Come, Joe!
Counterattack!
Yes, Master.
Come and fight!
Attack them from both the right and the left.
Okay, break through the center!
Master, look! I made some giant snowballs.
I-It kind of lively.
Come now! Will team west or team east win?
Team west has better odds right now.
Come, make a bet!
Mr. Fahm, what are you doing?
Ars.
I may like gambling,
but I like making money even more.
Jeez. What a noisy bunch.
Are you going to join, Mr. Clamant?
No.
Miss, you sure can drink.
You too.
Want to see who can drink the fastest?
Everyone, look!
It's huge!
Nicely done.
Charlotte, wait!
Rietz, you went and broke it.
It's your fault!
You're the one who ran away!
I'm sorry, Rosell.
I-It's fine. I don't mind at all.
I don't…
I'm really sorry!
I call a truce!
We all have to remake the snowman!
That means you shall help too, Charlotte!
Well then.
Amazing! It's even bigger than before!
Thank you!
Hey, you!
The fight got called off,
so the bets are invalid!
Give us back our money!
Give us back our money…
They got away with shadow magic!
Stop, wait!
Mr. Fahm…
Hey Ars.
When does it snow, actually?
Will it keep snowing?
Only in winter.
So it's just for now?
I want to see it again
with everyone next year.
(You're gonna catch a cold)
You're gonna catch a cold.
(Achoo)
(These two are monsters)
These two are monsters…
This is nice!
(Snore) (Lord Lenge...)
Lord Lenge…
Next year and every year after that,
I will protect their smiles.
Mireille figured out my whole plan.
She's undoubtedly a genius.
But if I continue to fail…
I…
Lord Tomas…
That's not like you at all.
Tomas.
Lord Basamark.
We are having a great time.
You…
Relax, it is okay once in a while, right?
Lord Ars is also very pleased.
That's true, indeed.
But don't let your guard down, okay?
Yeah, yeah.
Let's show them our strength.
(Next Episode: Loyalty)
Next Episode: Loyalty.